Remove git hook support in favour of documentation (#271)
ropensci/codemetar: man/rmdhunks/uptodate.Rmd

**How to keep codemeta.json up-to-date?** In particular, how to keep it up to date with `DESCRIPTION`? `codemetar` itself no longer supports automatic sync, but there are quite a few methods available out there. Choose one that fits well into your workflow!

* You could rely on `devtools::release()` since it will ask you whether you updated codemeta.json when such a file exists.

* You could use a git pre-commit hook that prevents a commit from being done if DESCRIPTION is newer than codemeta.json.

    * You can use the [precommit package](https://github.com/lorenzwalthert/precommit) in which there's a "codemeta-description-updated" hook.
      
    * If that's your only pre-commit hook (i.e. you don't have one created by e.g. `usethis::use_readme_rmd()`), then you can create it using
    
```r
script = readLines(system.file("templates", "description-codemetajson-pre-commit.sh", package = "codemetar"))
usethis::use_git_hook("pre-commit",
                     script = script)
```

> * You could use GitHub actions. Refer to GitHub actions docs <https://github.com/features/actions>, and to the example workflow provided in this package (type `system.file("templates", "codemeta-github-actions.yml", package = "codemetar")`). In that case don't forget to pull ([`git pull --rebase`](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/18930527/difference-between-git-pull-and-git-pull-rebase/38139843#38139843)) from upstream before you commit new changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You could use GitHub actions. Refer to GitHub actions docs <https://github.com/features/actions>, and to the example workflow provided in this package (type `system.file("templates", "codemeta-github-actions.yml", package = "codemetar")`). If you take this route, you should try to remember to run `git pull` before making any new changes on your local project. However, if you forgot to pull and already committed new changes, fret not, you can use ([`git pull --rebase`](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/18930527/difference-between-git-pull-and-git-pull-rebase/38139843#38139843)) to rewind you local changes on top of the current upstream `HEAD`.
```

Something like this maybe? Feel free to reword it according to your taste. This is just to give a starting point.

Author: I love the use of fret not! And it reads well, thanks!
